chore(docs): Add docs for conversational skills (#273)
watson-developer-cloud/assistant-toolkit: conversational-skills/procode-endpoints.md

# Pro Code Conversational Skills: Masterdoc for API Endpoints to Implement by the Client

> The following endpoints are the APIs that will be implemented **by** a pro-code user of Watson Assistant, and consumed by the watsonx Assistant product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following endpoints are the APIs that will be implemented **by** a pro-code client of watsonx Assistant, and consumed by the watsonx Assistant product.
```

## Table of Contents

- [Runtime API](#runtime-api) | `POST /providers/{{provider_id}}/conversational_skills/{{conversational_skill_id}}/orchestrate`
- [List Conversational Skills](#list-conversational-skills) | `GET /providers/{{provider_id}}/conversational_skills`
- [Complete OAS (Open API Schema)](#oas)

### Runtime API 

> Once a skill-backed action is created, it may be invoked on the message API. In order for a callout from the assistant to a pro-code conversational skill to succeed, the runtime API (`POST /providers/{{provider_id}}/conversational_skills/{{conversational_skill_id}}/orchestrate`) must be implemented on the host from the registration of the pro code provider.

Reviewer: provide link to message api

You may find an example of a NodeJS SDK [here](procode-skill-sdk-js)

> 

Reviewer: At some point we should copy the running example from the api proposal to here

**Example Request Body**
```json
N/A
```

**Example Response**
```json
{
  "conversational_skills": [
    {
      "id": "{{conversational_skill_id}}",
      "name": "Order Takeout",
      /* Readable description of the Conversational Skill's purpose */
      "description": "Enables a user to place a takeout food order from a restaurant", 
      "created": "2024-02-01T04:55:18.871Z",
      "modified": "2024-02-01T04:55:18.871Z",
      /* Optional free-form metadata object for future usecases. */
      "metadata": { 
        "last_modified_by": "Rachel@ibm.com"
      }
    },
    {
      "id": "{{conversational_skill_id}}",
      "name": "Make Reservation",
      /* Readable description of the Conversational Skill's purpose */
      "description": "Enables a user to place a reservation at a restaurant", 
      "created": "2024-02-01T04:55:18.871Z",
      "modified": "2024-01-01T04:55:18.871Z",
      /* Optional free-form metadata object for future usecases. */
      "metadata": { 
        "last_modified_by": "Anbu@ibm.com"
      }
    }
  ],
  "pagination": {

>     "total": "3"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "total": "2"
```

Author: whoopsie 🙈
